(bird wings flapping)
(birds squawking)
Mr. Jugo.
I'm sorry, you guys, it's
just...
I think it's beyond
our control now.
I think that we should
just let them handle it.
I know that you're worried,
but we're not experts
on all this stuff...
so I don't think
there's really anything
more we can do.
Yeah, I know that, it's just-
Besides, Mr. Tosaka's with them,
I think that for now,
we should just go
look for Sumire.
I doubt she would've
returned to the leaf,
not by herself.
Yeah, the thing is,
I have a bad feeling
about this, you know.
(horn blows)
(chuckles)
(Leader chuckles)
(rock music)
(singing foreign language)
(Nue sniffs)
Are you sure this is
the right way, Nue?
(Nue growls)
[Sumire Voiceover]
Wasabi, Namida,
if I just follow your chakra.
(Nue growls)
Nue, what is it?
Oh, so you sensed
my presence, huh?
What an interesting summoning!
Who are you?
I just wanna ask
you some questions.
Is that all right
with you, young lady?
[Sumire Voiceover]
This guys is strong.
(Nue growls)
Nue?
Don't!
(Nue growls)
(Suigetsu chuckles)
Well all right then,
if that's how you wanna play.
Water style,
great water arm!
(gasps) Hey wait!
[Sarada] Sumire!
Hey! Class Rep!
Damn it! Where the
hell did she go?
First Mr. Jugo, and
now the Class Rep too.
At this rate,
we're not gonna get
anywhere at all.
(angry roar)
What was that?
(footsteps receding)
Nue ...
Damn it. What was
that thing, anyway?
Hey...
you really shouldn't
be fighting with kids!
She's the one who started it!
What was I supposed to do?
Sumire?!
All right, who are you?!
And what did you do
to the Class Rep?!
Wait, Boruto.
It's been quite a
while, Suigetsu.
Mitsuki...
What are you doing
all the way out here?
Hey! Sarada what a coincidence?
(gasps) Miss Karin?
Huh? Hey, what's the deal?
What is going on here?
(birds squawking)
She just fainted from
exhaustion and shock.
Her life's not in danger.
Thank goodness.
Hey, Why did you attack her?
Listen, I seriously held back.
Besides, I'm the one
who's the victim here.
That beast that hangs around her
just attacked me out of nowhere.
Nue did?
She isn't even able to
control her summoning.
I mean, talk about
inexperienced.
But wait, why are you
two even out here?
Why do you think?
Lord Orochimaru sent
us to this place
so we could bring Jugo back.
Bring him back?
Judging by your reaction,
you know where
Jugo is, don't you?
So start talking.
Well I ...
(birds squawking)
So he came here to
save the birds, huh?
All right, then.
We can't waste any more time.
But where are you
going to go, Suigetsu?
We gotta find that
investigative team
from the Land of Rivers
and get Jugo away
from them just as soon
as we possibly can.
And those are his orders?
Yeah, of course.
Jugo's Curse Mark is special.
If outsiders were to
find out about it,
no good will come from
it, that's for sure.
Or if they find out
his link to Orochimaru.
I hate to say it but
I seriously doubt
they're going to be able
to handle him anyway.
Yeah, but the villagers
were really mad before.
They kicked us all out.
That's none of our business.
And if they do try to interfere
with what we're doing...
then I'm just gonna have to use
force.
Wait, hold on a minute!
Are you actually serious
about doing that?!
Hey, listen, I'm not
playing kid games.
If a few outsiders
get mixed up in this...
then it can't be helped.
A few outsiders?!
But what are we gonna do
about the birds, then?
Mr. Jugo stayed here so
he could save the birds
that were infected
with the Curse Mark.
Who cares if that's
delayed a little bit?
Look, I don't know exactly
what Jugo was up to,
but doing this takes priority.
I thought you were
Mr. Jugo's friend!
You'd actually let everything
he risked his life for
all just go to waste?!
(sighs) All right,
Boruto, enough.
You just met Jugo.
You don't really know
anything about him at all.
So why should I listen
to someone like you
lecture me?
Same goes for you!
You don't know a
thing about how much
Mr. Jugo has done here!
Calm down, Boruto!
You're right, I don't.
But you're still the one
who doesn't understand
what's really going on.
What's that?!
Okay, okay. That's enough.
They're only kids.
Don't take all
this so seriously.
Yeah, I know that,
Karin. I'm not.
Okay then, you have
any other ideas
of how we should do this?
Please just,
wait until the
Class Rep wakes up.
But why? What good's
that gonna do us?
Her teammates were attacked
and infected with
the Curse Mark.
Shouldn't we find out
about the connection
to the Curse Mark, as well?
You know actually,
it would definitely be
good to have that intel.
Karin!
Hey, now!
Don't decide things
all by yourself.
Don't be too hasty!
Don't take action
without proper intel.
Isn't that what we were
told before we left?!
But-
Yeah, whatever. Suit yourself.
Well! All right, then!
Huh?
Sarada and I
are gonna take over
from here on out.
So, go on!
You boys can just go away now!
She probably just wants
to talk to Sarada alone
for a while.
You're actually quite a softie,
aren't you, Suigetsu?
And you're quite annoying!
(Sarada sighs)
Don't be worried.
I think that she's going
to wake up pretty soon.
Right.
So, how are those glasses?
They working out okay?
They are, thank you.
Oh, that's great!
I'm really glad.
We hardly had any time
together last time we met.
(rock music)
Thank you very much, Miss Karin.
Back then and this
time around, too.
You always seem to be saving me.
Nah, don't worry about it.
I mean, I've known
you practically
since the day you were born.
We may not be related,
but you're dear to me.
Hold on, are you telling
me that you feel like
I'm family to you?
You know, I wonder.
For people like me,
it's normal not to
have any family at all.
But, for better or worse,
I guess Jugo, Suigetsu, and I
are kinda like a
family to each other.
That's why,
even though Suigetsu acts
the way that he does,
he's worried about Jugo.
You've known each
other a long time.
My dad too.
Well, yeah!
But now your dad has
his very own real family
to take care of, so uh...
Well anyway,
your friend would actually
get better right now
if only she could bite me.
Huh?! Bite you?!
Yeah!
We could revive her if
we made her bite my arm
or something.
It's a special ability that I
have.
Hey, do you wanna try it?
No.(chuckles)
I think I'll pass, thanks.
(Jugo exhales heavily)
Oh, good!
You're awake, Jugo!
That's right.
I remember...(groans)
Don't push yourself.
The tranquilizer should
take effect shortly.
Where am I?
It's a facility the Land of
Rivers' team set up.
I'm here 'cause they
asked for my help
with their investigation
into the birds.
It's actually very
well equipped.
So I should be able
to make a serum
to help the geese.
Please help me, Jugo.
The geese?
But I ...
Boruto and the others
asked us to help as well.
(Jugo gasps)
I see.
There you go.(sighs)
(geese squawking)
You know, I still
haven't forgiven you.
Not after what you
did to the Class Rep.
Yeah, whatever you say.
So, what do you want from me?
I just wanna warn you.
Since it seems obvious
that you don't actually
understand Jugo at all.
What do you mean?!
His Curse Mark.
It's a burden he was born with
and destined to have for life.
He can't get away from it.
And he...
knows that better than
anybody else does.
That's why he tries
to isolate himself
as much as possible.
Is that so he doesn't
get people involved
and hurt them?
(sad music)
We tried for a long time
to find a way to help him too.
So we really don't need you
to lecture us about it.
But that's--
But it was all pointless.
He's accepted his fate now.
That's why he's chosen
a solitary path of
existence away from people.
(sad music)
And now, to have strangers
suddenly burst into his life.
Don't you think that's
kinda irresponsible?
(bird squawking)
It's a destiny he was born with?
Huh?
There was just, someone
else who suffered
from something like that,
but they're trying their hardest
to live their life the way that
they want
to live it.
And I think Mr. Jugo
must feel the same way.
He's in so much pain,
but he endures it
and suppresses his
transformation with medicine
just to help the birds.
If he's really
given up on himself,
why would he go
through all this?
Why risk all this danger
to help the birds?
But,
aren't you just making
your own assumptions?
Well, maybe I am.
But ultimately, the
decision is Mr. Jugo's
and nobody else's!
It's not mine or yours!
He's made his decision.
And supporting him
to the very end
is what a friend does, isn't it?
(sighs) Man, you
sure can talk, kid.
You're just like Mitsuki
but more annoying.
(chuckles) Yeah,
well, excuse me!
[Mitsuki] You guys.
Huh?
It looks like the Class Rep
is finally awake now.
(birds squawking)
Twins who undergo Curse
Mark Transformation?!
And they, both
wear these collars.
Twins with collars?
It's those two!
Then that means those guys
from the investigative
team were lying to us!
If they attacked
us to prevent us
from returning to the
Hidden Leaf Village,
I think they're doing something
they don't want
us to know about.
(harrumphs) I
thought their stories
lined up too well!
[Sarada] But, why
would they go so far?
It's most likely,
that their goal is
Jugo's Curse Mark.
That would certainly
make a lot of sense
if the enemy possesses
Curse Mark abilities.
Seems like they're
definitely up to something.
Argh, are you kidding?
This is really bad.
If the village is the
enemy's headquarters,
Konohamaru Sensei,
Wasabi, and the rest
are in danger while
they're being treated.
Yeah.
And Mr. Tosaka is helping them
without knowing all this.
(Sarada sighs)
Right. Then it's decided.
We're gonna go save everyone
and get Mr. Jugo back!
It'll be impossible
for just you three.
It's gonna take
all of us together.
Hey, Karin!
It's not your call!
The Curse Mark could
be used on the people
that are being held
in the village,
and then they could in
turn come to attack us.
So we have to be careful about
how we handle this.
You underestimate me.
Do you really think I would
lose?
And if the village
ends up destroyed
in the process?
Just what do you
think these kids
are gonna report
back to the Leaf?
Do you seriously
want Lord Orochimaru
to punish us?
Do you really think
that these kids
are gonna be of any use?
I see. So it's a diversion then?
If we work together and are able
to lure the two of them
away from the village...
...then we can save Mr. Jugo
and everybody else
in the village too.
Exactly right!
As long as we get Jugo back,
then we can extract the Curse
Mark and treat them.
Got that, Suigetsu?
(sighs) Yeah, fine.
But if you think I'm gonna be
some kind of stupid
lure, guess again.
Suigetsu and I will
be the rescuers.
And Boruto if that's okay?
And Sarada and I
will act as the bait.
[Sumire] Wait!
Huh?
I wanna go too.
Class Rep?
You should get some more rest.
Not yet.
I really wanna help you
save Wasabi and Namida.
Please, let me go too.
(sighs) Just a warning.
I'm not rescuing anyone
who drags me down.
That's totally fine by me.
It'll be okay, Class Rep.
All of us are gonna
save them together!
(Wasabi groans)
(Namida groans)
Oh, man!
The power of the Curse
Mark is amazing, isn't it?
And you'll be getting a
taste of it very soon.
You know, big brother,
biting somebody to pass
on a Curse Mark to them
kind of gives me
a little thrill.
(Momo chuckles)
(groans) Damn it!
Sumire. (groans)
That sure looks like it hurts.
Well, the Curse Mark
isn't established yet.
And this serum here would
remove it completely.
But of course,
we aren't going to give it to
you.
(groans) Damn it!
Oh, you're here.
You've got work to do.
Come on.
Huh? What are you talking about?
You mean we have to go?
There are some things
we have to attend to right now.
Besides, you two have to
learn to clean up...
your own messes.
(footsteps approaching)
Is this the place?
Where we found
those Leaf shinobi
wandering around?
Big brother!
Huh?
Oh it's that little girl.
She won't get away this time.
(chuckles)
So how'd it go?
I think that we hooked
them in very nicely.
Well,
since they were looking
for the Class Rep...
it just made sense.
(harrumphs) I doubt
they'll figure out
it's actually Sarada
transformed.
(rock music)
Let's get going.
And I hope that I don't
need to remind you guys
that I'm only
interested in Jugo.
But who knows what might happen
if you go in there
all by yourself?
So I'm coming too.
Whatever go ahead,
suit yourself.
Let's split up.
I'll go and search the area
for Konohamaru Sensei.
And I'll look for
Wasabi and Namida.
Class Rep, you sure
you're up to this?
I just hope that
Summoning beast of yours
isn't gonna go all crazy
like it did last time.
(Sumire gasps)
Oh yeah, that's right.
What's all this
about not being able
to control Nue?
Is that true?
Yeah.
It's just that Nue's
gotten so strong
that I had a hard
time reining him in.
Whatever, it doesn't matter.
I'm just gonna get going now.
(footsteps)
(chuckles) Playing tag huh?
Hold on, big brother.
There's something strange here.
Look at the way she's moving.
She doesn't get too
close or too far,
like she's luring us in.
What? You think-?
(rock music)
(shushing)
Boruto?
(rock music)
(Sumire gasps)
Wasabi!
Namida!
Sumire?
You came to get us?
Uh-uh. Oh you guys.
I'm so sorry.
Over on that desk,
there's supposed to be a serum
for the Curse Mark
in those syringes.
Okay got it!
So I just need to
inject you both, right?
(footsteps approaching)
Damn!
Where'd he run off to?!
Ah, I see.
That's how it is.
Ever since I arrived here,
I thought there was
something strange
about that research team leader.
If you know where Jugo is,
then can you just take
us to him already?
Uh, sure.
By the way Boruto, who
is this guy with you?
It's okay.
I'll explain after
all of this is over.
All right, then.
Follow me.
(footsteps)
(chuckles)
(footsteps approaching)
Only one?!
(Sasami giggles)
No! No way!
How are you feeling?
Well,
I'm starting to feel better now.
But I think the serum is gonna
take a little longer...
before it has its full
effect on the Curse Mark.
Well, well, well!
I figured this is
what you were up to!
Damn, it can't be.
And this time, you
aren't gonna get away.
Not even a single one of you!
He's in here.
(Jugo groans)
Mr. Jugo!
You okay?!
Hold on a minute. We'll
get you out quick.
[Boruto] We came to rescue you.
(gasps) No, don't do it!
(groans)
Why you--!
No way Tosaka, why?
I owe you one,
Boruto.
In any event.
I welcome you to
my research lab!
(upbeat music)
(singing foreign language)
I'm sorry, Boruto.
You see, this was all
in the name of research.
[Boruto] No way!
So this whole thing
being a mission
was a lie from the
very beginning?!
[Josaka] Jugo's Curse
Mark is undoubtedly
the original.
It's very rare.
There's still so much
we don't know about it.
It's the very best
research subject ever!
[Boruto] Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
"Melee!"
I'm not letting you
experiment on Jugo
just to satisfy your curiosity!
(upbeat music)